User opens the site, they are presented with an option to START a game or JOIN a game. If they entered with a URL containing a peer ID they will automaticly attempt to join.

    If they START a game, the peerJS is initalised and the peerID, along with a URL and QR code is presented. Links to share the URL are also presented. The page will remain until another player joins, then it will enter the lobby

    If they selected JOIN a game they will be presented with a box to enter the peerID, and a button to open the camera to scan the QR code. Once a code is entered PeerJS will attempt to join.
        
        If that peer can't be connected show an error
        If the peer is connected show a loading screen - have a timeout till an error if no message is recieved from the peer
        If the peer responds with game state, but game is not in stage 0 show connected info, but a message about waiting till the stage is over - player is in spectator mode
        If peer is connected, and game stage is 0 go to the lobby
    
    The Lobby - Show a list of player, each with a diffrent color, and info about how to add other players. Button to "Ready" and "Unready". Show the status of other players as well. Players go from state 0 (idle) to 3 (ready for next round)

    Once all players are ready they will go to a screen to enter thier word. At the top of the screen there is a status page of the other players - thinking (3), writing (1), ready (2). The text area to enter the word has a timer (the first round has double time). If a player does not make it before the timer #TODO - what is the penalty

    Once all players are ready (2) the words are revieled. There is a few seconds of the words displayed. The words shown in player color, and the users words in bold. A timebar is shown on the bottom of the page waiting for the next round.

    Once the next round starts, it is the same as the first, except the origional words are now shown at the top. If two words were the same #TODO what happens?. Also if a word is entered that has previousley been seen before, disalow it.

    At the end of the second round, i.e. when there are words from the previous round


